OR WHAT LITTLE WE SEE OF IT IN
THE STATE.
THANKS, PAUL.
RIGHT NOW, 7:44.
YOGA FOR ALL ABILITIES AND
LEVELS WILL BE AVAILABLE TODAY
AT THE GREAT FALLS IN WELLNESS
FAIR IN LEWISTON.
AND IT IS A FUNDRAISER FOR THE
YWCA OF CENTRAL MAINE, AS WELL
AS.
WMTW NEWS 8'S MORGAN STURDIVANT
IS LIVE IN LEWISTON WITH MORE.
GOOD MORNING, MORGAN!
YOU HAVE REALLY TOLD US SOME
INTERESTING STUFF.
TELL US MORE.
MORGAN: GOOD MORNING, KATIE.
YES, IT HAS BEEN A GREAT,
RELAXING DAY.
A GREAT WAY FOR ME TO START THE
DAY.
AND A GREAT WAY FOR EVERYBODY TO
ENJOY THE DAY.
I HAVE HEIDI BACK WITH ME.
YOU ARE GOING TO TELL ME ALL
ABOUT WHAT IS HAPPENING TODAY
FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE JUST JOINING
US.
HEIDI: THIS MORNING,
FROM 10:00
A.M. TO THE 12:00 P.M. PORTION,
MYSELF AND TO OTHERS WILL BE
LEADING PEOPLE WHERE PEOPLE CAN
DO THEIR OWN SELF LED PACE.
FROM 10:00 TO 11:00 -- THE
AFTERNOON SECTION IS ALSO
LOOKING LIKE A REALLY FUN WAY TO
SPEND TWO AFTERNOON.
WE WILL HAVE KITCHEN HERBS
WHERE
SUSAN COOPER, A REGISTERED NURSE
AND APOLOGIST, WILL BE COMING IN
AND TEACHING ABOUT HERBS YOU CAN
USE AND GROW AND USE IN YOUR
KITCHEN.
WILL ALSO HAVE
YOGA, TEACHING --
YIN
YOGA, TEACHING YOU HOW TO
GET INTO THE DEEPER MUSCLE AND
TISSUES OF THE BODY.
MORGAN:
THAT WILL BE FUN.
HEIDI: ANYBODY WHO WANTS TO GET
IN THE POOL AND LEARN HOW TO DO
A LITTLE BIT OF BALANCING ON THE
PADDLEBOARD.
AND THEN YOGA -- IN THE
AFTERNOON WITH DIANE, WHO'LL BE
GUIDING PEOPLE IN SLEEP WITH
AWARENESS.
MORGAN: I LIKE THAT.
I THINK ANY TO COME FOR THAT
ONE.
[LAUGHTER]
KATIE: -- HEIDI:
AND THEN WE
WILL HAVE LUNCH PROVIDED BY
MOTHER INDIA.
MORGAN: WHAT A WONDERFUL DAY.
THANK YOU, HEIDI.
AND THANK YOU, BARBARA, WHO IS
BEHIND US DOING SOME
SALUTATIONS.
IF ANYONE WANTS TO COME OUT,
10:00 TO 4:00.
IT WILL BE A GREAT DAY TO ENJOY
THIS BEAUTIFUL SPRING DAY.
KATIE: AND IT IS $50,
CORRECT,
FOR ALL OF THE CLASSES?
CAN YOU JOB IN SEPARATELY?
MORGAN: YES, I BELIEVE YOU CAN.